DOC-56 Import Technology Providers Playbook (#110)
Ed-Fi-Alliance-OSS/ed-fi-alliance-oss.github.io: docs/getting-started/provider-playbook/technology-providers-implementation/getting-started-with-apis/all-providers/all-providers-activity-1.md

# All Providers - Activity 1

:::info

* The Ed-Fi API Sandbox is a quick and easy way to explore how an actual API exchange works.
* HTTP GET operations are used to query the API and get data back.

:::

## Activity 1 - Get all Students in the Sandbox

In this activity, we will run a GET call on the `/ed-fi/students` endpoint.

> 1. Open a separate browser window and go to our [public Ed-Fi API v5.3 sandbox](https://api.ed-fi.org/v5.3/docs/swagger/index.html?urls.primaryName=Resources). Other API versions can be found at [https://api.ed-fi.org](https://api.ed-fi.org/).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Open a separate browser window and go to our [public Ed-Fi API v7.2 sandbox](https://api.ed-fi.org/v7.2/docs/swagger/index.html?urls.primaryName=Resources). Other API versions can be found at [https://api.ed-fi.org](https://api.ed-fi.org/).
```

Author: updated.

5. Click the "Try it Out" button.
6. Scroll down and click the "Execute" button.
7. You will see info that looks like this appear.

 ![Swagger Screenshot](https://edfi.atlassian.net/wiki/download/thumbnails/22907812/Screen%20Shot%202022-08-01%20at%204.09.33%20PM.png?version=1&modificationDate=1660667877247&cacheVersion=1&api=v2&width=1178&height=800)

### Congratulations, you just completed your first API call to an Ed-Fi API

If you received a different response, check the response code and response body for these issues

| Response Code | Response Body | Issue |
| --- | --- | --- |
| 400 | "message": "The argument 'request' is missing or invalid." | The API is complaining that it can't parse the JSON. Check that the JSON is well-formed. There may be a missing brace or bracket. |
| 403 | "message": "No API key information was available for authorization." | The access token you received in step 4 has expired. Go back and redo step 4. |

Read on to learn a bit about the transaction.

### What you sent

In this activity, your browser sent a request to the API using an HTTP GET operation. That transaction was sent a URL that looks like this:

```link

> https://api.ed-fi.org/v5.3/api/data/v3/ed-fi/students

Reviewer: ```suggestion
https://api.ed-fi.org/v7.2/api/data/v3/ed-fi/students
```

Author: updated.
